Complete Grindon stories (#248)
ianfhunter/GNOLL: doc/gh-pages/notation/builtin_macros.md

# Built-In Macros

{: .story }
>**GM**: You fail to secure yourself on the wall and slip towards the spikes. While falling, you hit your head against the wall. 
>
>**Grindon**: Gosh, that hurts.
>
>**GM**: You miraculously hit the ground without dying. But your blow to the head makes you delirious.
>
>**Grindon**: Oh look, fairies wearing armors painted with Zodiac signs!
>
>**GM**: Yes... (sighs) As they fligh around your head, you decide to eat one of them.
>
>**Grindon**: Okay that's a #PLANETS die.
>

> >*GNOLL*: [Mercury through Pluto]
> >
> >**Grindon The Brave**: Well... not my favorite taste.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>*GNOLL*: [Neptune]
>
>**Grindon The Brave**: Well... not my favorite flavour...

```
This is my mistake for being unclear in the rest of the documentation. When I wrote 'mercury through pluto' i meant 'all the planets from mercury all the way to pluto'. I was being lazy!
So just picking one is the way to go!

Author: Ok. I will pick one. Let me secretly select it and check its English name.
I will also update the actual doc with your improved sentence.

>

> >**GM**: Entirely understandable. But that is not a 1, so no reroll. But don't worry, something better is coming.

Reviewer: It's impossible to roll a 1 with this dice!

Maybe you could say Moon is bad?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**GM**: Entirely understandable. At least you didn't have to roll a dice that had a 1! That would have been a disaster! Anyway, don't worry, something better is coming.

```

Another suggestion?
